gh-131724: Add a new max_response_headers param to HTTP/HTTPSConnection (#136814)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-19-15-40-47.gh-issue-131724.LS59nA.rst

> Adds a new max_response_headers parameter to HTTP/HTTPSConnection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`http.client`: allow to limit the maximum number of response headers in
:class:`~http.client.HTTPConnection` and :class:`~http.client.HTTPConnection`
objects via the new ``max_response_headers`` constructor parameter.
```

We need a What's New entry as well.

Author: I reworded it.

Reviewer: Don't forget to add an entry in `Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst` as well.

Author: Thanks! I was just asking the docs people here about what else had to be done.
